Added `status` method for checking status of NASA APIs (#1039)
earthaccess-dev/earthaccess: CHANGELOG.md

  environment variable `EARTHDATA_TOKEN`
  ([#484](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess/issues/484))
  ([@kgrimes2](https://github.com/kgrimes2))

> - Added `status` method to check status of NASA APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added top level `status` function to check the statuses of NASA Earthdata services
```
